---
connie-title: Auth
---

## Auth Knowledge Quick Infos

### Registration flow

#### How real world system works

According to my understanding real world system uses a 3rd party app to verify the smart meters.

The flow is as follows in real world system:

1. User log in / register to app
1. Mandatory KYC form on register
1. Connect the app with a government utility platform or 3rd party (Ex: DEWA in Dubai)
1. Then the system triggers OAuth2 / OIDC redirect loop to DEWA's secure developer API gateway. This allows the user to successfully verify connection between the app and iot smart meter!
1. Then DEWA's servers pass a secure data token back to our platform
1. The cryptographic private keys for smart meter are generated by DEWA and our service would request the public key directly from DEWA’s Smart Grid API registry to verify the incoming data signatures from the meter.

We can't do the above because this is an experimental project and we can't access DEWA without actual smart meters and

### How we can build our system

The below method is more appropriate and we must implement this for user registration

1. User enters the registration flow and registers via usual account (sso or email + password)
1. We **may** have to provide KYC (know your customer) form
1. We need to create a mock system that replicates DEWA (in a much small scale). Our system asks the user to enter the smart meter key. The user enters the key.
1. The system sends a request to DEWA mock view. The user can approve the request there and this allows our system to verify and register the simulated smart meter.
1. The DEWA Mock system generates an asymmetric RSA key pair.
    * It writes the Private Key to a secure config file or database table that only the IoT Simulator can read. (It is much easier if both DEWA mock and Iot Simulator share the same database)
    * It writes the Public Key and verification status straight into the IoT Simulation & DEWA Service's shared database.
1. Immediately after saving the keys, the IoT Simulation Service broadcasts a registration event (Ex: `METER_VERIFIED`) containing the `meterId` and the `publicKey` to a MQTT broker. We can use Kafka Connect MQTT Source or open source plugins to push those messages to a dedicated Apache Kafka topic.
1. Data Pipeline IoT Ingestion Service consumes that event from the Kafka topic and immediately performs two tasks:
    * It writes a permanent copy of that publicKey into its own database table.
    * It simultaneously caches the key in redis
1. After that the simulator packages its telemetry metrics, generates a cryptographic signature using its private key, and publishes the whole bundle as a JSON string to a MQTT topic.
1. The Data Pipeline IoT Ingestion Service consumes the telemetry message from the Kafka stream. It pulls the matching public key straight from its fast local in-memory cache (or falls back to its own local database if the cache was wiped during a service restart) and executes the validation check.
